Supervised Machine Learning models require training data,
that is, inputs and outputs.
We call the inputs features,
and we call the outputs labels.
Instead of feeding raw data into the model,
it's often helpful to use our domain knowledge to enhance those features,
and also the labels to make them more meaningful to the Machine Learning model.
This process of tailoring features and labels is called Feature Engineering.
You've actually practiced a bit of Feature Engineering in past projects.
For instance, converting price into returns,
and even calculating overnight returns using open and close prices.
We'll look at some useful features that I often use
as well as the rationale for creating these features and labels.